# Keyboard-Input-to-Automatic-Python-Code-Creation
Python has a variety of useful modules that make automating tasks pain-free. In particular, pyautogui is a powerful module in hands-free keyboard and mouse tasks. The issue with creating such a code is the time needing to create and test a script that will do exactly what you ask of it. This python script eliminates the need for the user to create any code, simply run this script in the background, click around and press your desired keyboard inputs, and the script will create a .txt file that is formatted to be copy-pasted onto a .py which mimics your key and mouse inputs.

First, a key logger is used to track user inputs. Some issues with key loggers are that sometimes the user input is not recorded, or that key loggers are limited in what they can record from a user input. For instance, search bars used in Google Chrome are unable to be saved into a key logger. To account for discrepancies such as this, designated hot keys are used to signify what the user really wants to do. Hot keys enable the user to add more functionality, such as mouse drags and text inserts. Along with this, hotkeys signify the start and end of for loops. Additionally, with this script, you are able to nest for loops in for loops.

After a key logger tracks user inputs, the inputs are processed which clean up the code. Spammed consecutive hot key presses due to pressed a key for too long or through accident are reduced to the actual number of times the input was intended. The code also checks for parameters certain hotkeys require for the user to perform. For instance, if the user desires to have a mouse drag across the screen, at least two mouse clicks must be sandwich between two mouse drag hotkeys. Additionally, every starting for loop hotkey is checked to have a corresponding end for loop hotkey. Along with many other processes, the processed inputs such as mouse scrolls and clicks get appended a time signature based on the distance between the last mouse input. 

Once the code is completely processed, next come for the .py code creation. This .py code is saved in a .txt file, but the form of the .txt is arranged in such as way that all is required is to copy-paste the entire .txt into a .py file. 
